Roger Cobb was a rising young lawyer
whose first big kicks guess what I'm
going to do what I'm going to come back
from the dead hmm was a basket case what
am I missing here
you see thanks to his holiness prahka
lasa my soul is going to leave my body
forever become one with the universe
which time my soul will enter her body
ah good plan they put his soul in a bowl
but things got out of control
he lost time was that then it worked oh
my love
I can't believe this I can't even die
right please tell me this is not
happening
we obviously have mutual control over
all it's my body I'm not showing my body
with anyone everybody's gonna be real
disappointed
now Edwina Cutwater is dead and living
in Roger Cobbs body you know you have a
great to learn about making someone feel
welcome let's get something straight
here I never liked you when you were in
your body I'd certainly don't like you
in mind she's spoiling his love life she
died today
he's ruining her afterlife I can't doing
there that's the men's room shop mmm
she's getting under his skin not I
excite you go away will you buddy
what you got pregnant you have no right
no you have no right it's two o'clock I
want you out of me by 3:15 now where's
this woman Steve Martin and Lily Tomlin
in all of me
you